hey guys today we're making a bohemian
style beach cover-up with fringe so
start off with two yards of a
lightweight woven fabric and then decide
how big you want to make your sarong you
can make it any size you want you can do
a full size sarong or a half size so I'm
going to be doing a half sarong so it's
going to be more like a skirt style and
you want to make sure that you measure
yourself so you can decide how much
fabric you're going to need to cut out
I'm going to cut mine at 68 inches by 24
inches so there will be three edges of
your fabric fit are cut or kind of a
blunt edge and then the top is going to
be that selfish that kind of already
pre-sealed edge of your fabric so you
want to leave that alone so right now
I'm just checking to make sure that the
size is right that it's going to be able
to tie the way I want it to and I'll
have extra room for making the fringe to
make the fringe I'm going to be using
this seam ripper I got it a ballmart for
three dollars all you do is just begin
kind of frame the edge of the fabric
just by catching those horizontal
threads once you have a bit of the fray
going on the fabric you can just catch
it on one side and just kind of hook
some of those threads on one into the
fabric and pull that thread right out
and it's really easy to do it's just a
little bit time-consuming so you know
kick back watch some YouTube and just
kind of go to work on your fabric so I'm
making it fringe all around the bottom
edge of my fabric and across the sides
and the top is that selvage edge that
kind of sealed edge we're not going to
do anything to that we're just going to
leave that alone since I'm making extra
long fringe I found it's really helpful
to just lay it across the back of the
sofa and then you can work from there so
all I'm doing here is just loosening up
the several pieces you know five or so
pieces of thread the horizontal thread
that we're pulling out just kind of
loosening those up prepping them to
remove and then I go over to the other
side and do the same exact thing just
loosen up several of those pieces and
I'll catch it in the middle just one at
a time and pull right from the middle
and since we already loosened up several
pieces on the sides they're all ready to
go so you can just keep pulling from the
center one by one and pull them all out
and then when it comes to the short with
that's really easy because all I have to
do is catch a few pieces of the thread
on one side one and
and just keep on pullin and they pull
out really easy because the thread
doesn't have to travel through very much
fabric once you have your fringe the
length that you want you're going to
break it up into sections so I'm taking
mine in small kind of half inch sections
and I'm tying an overhand knot and
snugging the knot right up to the edge
of the fabric so it locks everything
into place so there's no loose ends and
just continue on all the way across the
bottom of your fabric around the sides
I'm doing the sides as well so just
overhand knots on all of those little
half inch sections of Fringe and then
once you're done we're going to move on
to the second row of knots to make our
second row of knots we're going to split
each of those bits of Fringe in half and
tie the two halves together so you can
see here there's just two halves
together and I'm just doing another
overhand knot we're going to Snug that
down make sure it's nice and tight and
try to make it as even as possible with
the one next to it and I'm going to move
on to the next one and then just
continue on splitting me each of the
sections in half match it up with a half
next to it and tying it overhand knot so
right here I'm just finishing up that
second row of knots all across the
bottom of my sarong and up around the
sides we're going to do the same thing
with the third row of knots so we're
slipping the two bits of Fringe in half
matching them up together and tying them
together in an overhand knot snug it up
nice and tight and try keep it as even
as possible with all the others that you
do so I'm going to finish this up and
then take you guys out to the beach and
we'll see how it looks the finished
product and see some different ways that
we can wear it
you